Readme Suggestion (#8)
snarlysodboxer/undying-proxy: README.md

*   **Automatic Service Port Management (Optional):** Automatically update Kubernetes `Service` ports (e.g., for LoadBalancer Services) as `UnDyingProxy` resources are created/deleted.
*   **High Availability:** Designed to run with multiple replicas behind a Kubernetes Service; leader election is disabled.
*   **Prometheus Metrics:** Exposes detailed metrics for monitoring traffic and operator health.
*   **Configurable Timeouts & Buffers:** Fine-tune UDP connection handling.

## Example Use Case

- Forward both UDP and TCP from external port `27015` to the same port on an internal Kubernetes Service in a different namespace. 

```yaml
---
apiVersion: proxy.sfact.io/v1alpha1
kind: UnDyingProxy
metadata:
  name: game-server-1001
  namespace: undying-proxy # Must match operator's namespace
spec:
  udp:
    listenPort: 27015 # External port on the proxy's IP
    targetPort: 27015 # Internal port of the game server pod/service
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local
  tcp:
    listenPort: 27015
    targetPort: 27015
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local
```

> UnDyingProxy can also be run as a DaemonSet along with round robin DNS to point a domain to your node IPs, and potentially avoid a cloud Loadbalancer altogether. This requires clients to connect directly to node IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UnDyingProxy can also be run as a DaemonSet along with round robin DNS to point a domain to your node IPs, and potentially avoid a cloud Loadbalancer altogether. This requires clients to connect directly to node IPs.
```

*   **Automatic Service Port Management (Optional):** Automatically update Kubernetes `Service` ports (e.g., for LoadBalancer Services) as `UnDyingProxy` resources are created/deleted.
*   **High Availability:** Designed to run with multiple replicas behind a Kubernetes Service; leader election is disabled.
*   **Prometheus Metrics:** Exposes detailed metrics for monitoring traffic and operator health.
*   **Configurable Timeouts & Buffers:** Fine-tune UDP connection handling.

## Example Use Case

- Forward both UDP and TCP from external port `27015` to the same port on an internal Kubernetes Service in a different namespace. 

```yaml
---
apiVersion: proxy.sfact.io/v1alpha1
kind: UnDyingProxy
metadata:
  name: game-server-1001
  namespace: undying-proxy # Must match operator's namespace
spec:
  udp:
    listenPort: 27015 # External port on the proxy's IP
    targetPort: 27015 # Internal port of the game server pod/service
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local
  tcp:
    listenPort: 27015
    targetPort: 27015
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local
spec:

>   tcp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![UnDying Proxy](udp.png)

# UnDyingProxy: A UDP and TCP forwarder for Kubernetes
---

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Go Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-1.22+-blue.svg)](https://golang.org/dl/)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/snarlysodboxer/undying-proxy)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/snarlysodboxer/undying-proxy)

> **UnDyingProxy redirects TCP and UDP traffic from a single external IP to multiple internal Kubernetes services, significantly reducing cloud load balancer costs and simplifying ingress for non-HTTP traffic.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**UnDyingProxy redirects TCP and UDP traffic from a single external IP to internal Kubernetes services across namespaces, significantly reducing cloud load balancer costs and simplifying ingress.**
```

## Why UnDyingProxy?

> Cloud load balancers are powerful but can become expensive, especially when you need to expose numerous non-HTTP services (like game servers, databases, or IoT endpoints) each requiring its own port. UnDyingProxy offers a cost-effective alternative by allowing you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud load balancers are powerful but can become expensive, especially when you need to expose numerous services (like game servers, databases, or IoT endpoints) each in it's own namespace and requiring its own port. UnDyingProxy offers a cost-effective alternative by allowing you to:
```

This supports only paying for one Loadbalancer, or even avoiding a cloud Loadbalancer altogether by running as a DaemonSet on nodes with direct public IPs. If using a cloud Loadbalancer, this operator can automatically add/remove `Ports` in a `Service` object as `UnDyingProxy` objects are created/destroyed, to open/close the ports in the Loadbalancer.

## ✨ Features

*   **TCP & UDP Forwarding:** Configure forwarding rules for both protocols independently per `UnDyingProxy` resource.
*   **Dynamic Configuration:** Define forwarding rules using the `UnDyingProxy` Custom Resource Definition (CRD). Changes are automatically detected and applied.
*   **Automatic Service Port Management (Optional):** Automatically update Kubernetes `Service` ports (e.g., for LoadBalancer Services) as `UnDyingProxy` resources are created/deleted.
*   **High Availability:** Designed to run with multiple replicas behind a Kubernetes Service; leader election is disabled.
*   **Prometheus Metrics:** Exposes detailed metrics for monitoring traffic and operator health.
*   **Configurable Timeouts & Buffers:** Fine-tune UDP connection handling.

## Example Use Case

> Forward external UDP port `27015` to an internal game server and external TCP port `5432` to a database, all managed by the same UnDyingProxy deployment listening on a single IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Forward both UDP and TCP from external port `27015` to the same port on an internal Kubernetes Service in a different namespace. 
```

```yaml
---
apiVersion: proxy.sfact.io/v1alpha1
kind: UnDyingProxy
metadata:
  name: game-server-1001
  namespace: undying-proxy # Must match operator's namespace
spec:

>   udp:
>     listenPort: 27015 # External port on the proxy's IP
>     targetPort: 27015 # Internal port of the game server pod/service
>     targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  udp:
    listenPort: 27015 # External port on the proxy's IP
    targetPort: 27015 # Internal port of the game server pod/service
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local
  tcp:
    listenPort: 27015
    targetPort: 27015
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local
```

> ---
> apiVersion: proxy.sfact.io/v1alpha1
> kind: UnDyingProxy
> metadata:
>   name: database-tunnel
>   namespace: undying-proxy
> spec:
>   tcp:
>     listenPort: 5432 # External port
>     targetPort: 5432 # Internal port
>     targetHost: my-postgres-service.db-ns.svc.cluster.local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

UnDyingProxy can also be run as a DaemonSet along with round robin DNS to point a domain to your node IPs, and potentially avoid a cloud Loadbalancer altogether. This requires clients to connect directly to node IPs.
```

*   **Automatic Service Port Management (Optional):** Automatically update Kubernetes `Service` ports (e.g., for LoadBalancer Services) as `UnDyingProxy` resources are created/deleted.
*   **High Availability:** Designed to run with multiple replicas behind a Kubernetes Service; leader election is disabled.
*   **Prometheus Metrics:** Exposes detailed metrics for monitoring traffic and operator health.
*   **Configurable Timeouts & Buffers:** Fine-tune UDP connection handling.

## Example Use Case

- Forward both UDP and TCP from external port `27015` to the same port on an internal Kubernetes Service in a different namespace. 

```yaml
---
apiVersion: proxy.sfact.io/v1alpha1
kind: UnDyingProxy
metadata:
  name: game-server-1001
  namespace: undying-proxy # Must match operator's namespace
spec:
  udp:
    listenPort: 27015 # External port on the proxy's IP
    targetPort: 27015 # Internal port of the game server pod/service
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local
  tcp:
    listenPort: 27015
    targetPort: 27015
    targetHost: my-game-server-1001.game-ns.svc.cluster.local

> ---
> apiVersion: proxy.sfact.io/v1alpha1
> kind: UnDyingProxy
> metadata:
>   name: database-tunnel
>   namespace: undying-proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> spec:
>   tcp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     listenPort: 5432 # External port
>     targetPort: 5432 # Internal port
>     targetHost: my-postgres-service.db-ns.svc.cluster.local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
